sample.txt

Suhas K S 

M.tech CSE Ist Year IIIT-H   Hyderabad  +91-7660964913  ks.suhas355@gmail.com                     

 DOB: 14/11/90 

  

 

Languages: 

 

 

Worked Areas: 

 

 

 

Education 

 

M-Tech 

 

        B-Tech 

 

           

        12th 

 

        10th 
 

 

 

C++, Java, C, Python, Shell Scripting,  Java Script, Android 

 

 

HR Solutions in cloud, Data retrieval and mining, Database System 

implementation,  Client – Server analysis simulator, Web2py , Selenium web 
driver , Test tool development and Automation 

 

 

 

In computer science from IIIT-H with CGPA 9.20 

 

In Computer Science from S.J.C.E Mysore under V.T.U University 

Karnataka with 9.33. CGPA. 

 

Govt. junior college Chikmagalur Karnataka with 88.16%. 

 

S.S.R.D High school Chikmagalur Karnataka with 88%. 

Work 

Experience: 

1. SuccessFactors  (SAP)                                         June 2012 – July 2014 

? Worked as an in-house tool developer, UI Automation engineer . 

? Implemented internal tool ‘Automated status report system’. 

? Worked on Selenium webdriver . 
 

 2.  Research Assistant                                       July 2011 -  May  2012  
? Worked under Dr. Anil Kumar KM for the research project ‘Multimodal 

Opinion Mining’.  

? The project mainly concentrated on processing natural language, emoticons 
and short texts to determine the opinion expressed in the language. 

? Project involved collection of huge amount of opinion expressing data 
using which weightage of polar words were calculated. 

? Experiments were done to increase the machine learning capability in order 
to produce more accurate results for opinionated texts. 

                   

  
3. IBM internship                                                 Jan 2011 to Dec 2012 

? This Project was done under “Global mentoring program by IBM” which 
concentrated on the extraction and analysis of resources in different servers 

and triggering the status and warning message to the administrator 

periodically. 

 




M-t   Main Projects 1. Wiki Search Engine:     
Search engine was developed on latest wiki dump using Information 

extraction and retrieval method.  

Scoring mechanism of documents was based on the combination of tf-

idf method and Boolean intersection model.  

Any search query was giving the relevant output in less than 0.5 

seconds. 

 

2. Automated Status reporter:   

This was a reporter tool which automated the process of test report 

generation. 

The data was fetched from Jira and testlink , reports and graphs were 

generated for these data. 

The generated graph and report was used to form an Auto generated 

mail and sent across the team automatically on daily basis. 

 
3. Implementation of Unix Shell: 

Unix like shell was implemented supporting most of the external and 

internal commands such as ls, cat, redirections, pwd, history, cd,     

bang (!, !!, !+x. !-x )  etc., along with their options. 

 

4. Online Quiz portal (web2py): 
This project was a portal for professors and students. Professors had a 

provision to upload their MCQ tests in the portal.  

Students were able to take these tests. 

 Dynamic statistics was shown for students about their performance and 

professors about the number of students taken their tests. 

 

5. Generic IOT Platform    (Raspberry pi, Mongo DB, node.js, android) 
–In progress 
Project involves creation of platform between sensors and the end 

application.  

The data from the sensors is collected by gateway (raspberry pi) and 

stored. The server pulls this data from registered gateway and stores in 

in database.  

Based on the requirement the server sends sensor data to the end user 

application. 

To test the platform A/C controller simulator will be built on top of this 

platform which receives the data and act accordingly. 
 

Other Projects: SQL Engine, Whats my task (Android) in progress, KEB billing system using 

semaphores, Sudoku solver, Instance config compare tool. 

Interests:       Travelling, Playing  guitar, Cycling, Table tennis, Trekking, Cooking  

Achievements: ? Awarded as “Team player” and “Accountable” for the productive work in 
successfactors. 

? Recognition certificate from IBM for successful completion of project with 
all satisfactory conditions. 

? Awards for conducting technical workshops and sessions in various 
colleges. 

? Seminar was given on Automation coding and other best practices.  



 



